with the final few rows on the grid are
lining up now and then we'll get the
final countdown to get this final race
of the year under way here around the
set we todavia look out let's get this
race underway one light to light three
lights for lights five lights they go
and yet well you kind of knew the BMW
was going to get full the future we will
drive Cornell gets the best of start
something on his outside James Nash /
looking to wrestle at center those away
immediately oh goodness that this time
is quite a bash of turn one that has
taken out
some early on in the race goodness me
we'll have to identify an attack Alex
with dowels car or is that James Nash's
car that's involved in that you can't
get through can you how many cars are
then I can't pick them all out you can
all pick them out maybe but that looks
like it might be a van muller one of
those cars or is it maybe not not
everyone can thread their way through
certainly not what nickel it's is there
and this is really very very bad news
indeed cars trying to spread their way
through what is a scene of
resses Gary suspended yeah so we're just
getting word that race is going to be
suspended it's a whole will saying down
there with so many cars having gone off
and quite literally blocked the circuit
and not what we want to see at all let's
have a look it's going to be difficult
to calculating exactly where this
started but the little sideways moment
for Tom Chilton that was not a cause it
was it was further back wasn't it so
just behind there which is why know what
Mikkel it's got collected as well
another angle to see what happened are
Mikkel its hits the barrier sloughs
across the circuit and a huge absorption
of energy as everybody else tries to
avoid and yeah it was one after the
other wasn't it and they all just
collapsed into each other